Remove scipy dependencies from TPESampler (#4105)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/index.rst

MIT License (see `LICENSE <https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/master/LICENSE>`__).

> Optuna uses the codes from SciPy project (see :doc:`Third-party License <license_thirdparty>`).

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Optuna uses the codes from SciPy and fdlibm projects (see :doc:`Third-party License <license_thirdparty>`).
```
